docs/settings.rst, before:

Settings
========

sublime-jekyll ships with a number of configurable settings. These can be overridden globally in your User Settings file, or on a per-Project basis using the recommended Project Settings syntax.


.. warning::

    **sublime-jekyll settings prior to v3.0 have been deprecated!**

    We know that is a bit of a pain - we get it - but it was for the best moving forward.

    To help with the transition, we have created some **Jekyll Utility** commands that automatically migrate your old, deprecated settings to new, fully supported settings. You can find these in the Command Palatte by searching for *Jekyll Utility*.


User Settings
-------------

.. warning::

    Unless otherwise stated, all path strings should be **absolute paths**, not relative paths!

    Also, path strings should follow your system-specific path convention. For example, Windows machines should have a path similar to ``C:\\Users\\username\\site\\_posts``, while Unix/Linux systems should have a path similar to ``/Users/username/site/_posts``.


``jekyll_posts_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``_posts`` directory.


``jekyll_drafts_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``_drafts`` directory.


``jekyll_templates_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None (if left blank, ``User/Jekyll Templates`` will be used as a fallback)
    :Description: This should point to your ``_templates`` directory.


``jekyll_auto_find_paths``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If you don't want to hard-code your ``_posts``, ``_drafts``, ``uploads``, or ``_templates`` paths into your settings file, you can optionally have sublime-jekyll look for ``_posts``, ``_drafts``, ``uploads``, and/or ``_templates`` folders open in your sidebar. If you don't name the folders appropriately, or you use a non-standard file structure for your Jekyll project, you have a higher chance of returning path exception errors. This should have a value of ``true`` or ``false``.


``jekyll_uploads_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``uploads`` directory.


``jekyll_uploads_baseurl``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``{{ site.baseurl }}``
    :Description: This string value should represent the **baseurl** for the uploads directory. For example, if your uploads directory is ``uploads`` and you have an image called ``image.png``, the output of inserting the image in your post would be ``{{ uploads_baseurl }}/uploads/image.png``, with ``{{ uploads_baseurl }}`` replace by its value.


.. note::

    If you wish to have an absolute link and you have ``url`` defined in your Jekyll ``config.yml`` file, then you can set the value to ``{{ site.url }}/{{ site.baseurl }}``.


``jekyll_default_markup``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``Markdown``
    :Description: This string value determines the file type for new drafts and posts. It can be set to one of three accepted values: ``Markdown``, ``Textile``, ``HTML``, or ``Plain text``.


``jekyll_markdown_extension``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``markdown``
    :Description: Optionally override the file extension format for Markdown files. Valid options include: ``markdown``, ``mdown``, ``mkdn``, ``mkd``, ``md``. Do not include the dot in your string value.

.. note::

    We use ``.markdown`` as the standard file extension for Markdown files as suggested by John Gruber, developer of Markdown, in his blog post here: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2014/01/08/markdown-extension.


``jekyll_send_to_trash``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: Determines if sublime-jekyll should send deleted drafts, posts and templates to the system trash/recycling bin, or immediately purge them from disk.


``jekyll_date_format``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``%Y-%m-%d``
    :Description: A valid Python strftime string for a date.


``jekyll_datetime_format``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S``
    :Description: A valid Python strftime string for a datetime.


.. note::

    If for some reason you want to change the way either the date or the datetime string is formatted, you can override those formats using valid Python ``datetime.strftime()`` format codes.

    If you need a refresher on these codes, have a look at the Python documentation found here: http://docs.python.org/2/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior.


``jekyll_debug``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If set to ``true``, the application will print Jekyll debug information to the Sublime Text console and can be retrieved by using ``Ctrl + ```.


``jekyll_utility_disable``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If set to ``true``, the application will hide the **Jekyll Utility** commands from the Command Palatte, and disable the commands from the menu.


Project Settings
----------------

For per-project settings, make sure you add your Jekyll settings correctly to your Project settings file. You can typically edit your Project file under *Project > Edit Project*.

.. warning::
    These should be **absolute paths**, not relative paths!

    Also, the paths should follow your system-specific path convention. For example, Windows machines should have a path similar to ``C:\\Users\\username\\site\\_posts``. Unix/Linux systems should have a path similar to ``/Users/username/site/_posts``.


.. code-block:: python

    # some-file.sublime-settings
    
    {
        "folders":
        [
            {
                "follow_symlinks": true,
                "path": "/Users/username/site/"
            }
        ],

        "settings":
        {
            "Jekyll":
            {
                "jekyll_posts_path": "/Users/username/site/_posts",
                "jekyll_drafts_path": "/Users/username/site/_drafts",
                "jekyll_uploads_path": "/Users/username/site/uploads",
                "jekyll_templates_path": "/Users/username/site/_templates",
            }
        }
    }


.. seealso::
    Read the conversation on `issue #16`_ if you have questions on formatting your Project settings file correctly.


.. _issue #16: https://github.com/23maverick23/sublime-jekyll/issues/16

Commit message:

Fix defaults that cause a syntax error with using "Insert Image Tag"
Sublime will give a syntax error on the spaces around the variable names when editing a markdwon file and inserting a path with the "Insert Image tage" command. So fix the defaults

docs/settings.rst, after:

Settings
========

sublime-jekyll ships with a number of configurable settings. These can be overridden globally in your User Settings file, or on a per-Project basis using the recommended Project Settings syntax.


.. warning::

    **sublime-jekyll settings prior to v3.0 have been deprecated!**

    We know that is a bit of a pain - we get it - but it was for the best moving forward.

    To help with the transition, we have created some **Jekyll Utility** commands that automatically migrate your old, deprecated settings to new, fully supported settings. You can find these in the Command Palatte by searching for *Jekyll Utility*.


User Settings
-------------

.. warning::

    Unless otherwise stated, all path strings should be **absolute paths**, not relative paths!

    Also, path strings should follow your system-specific path convention. For example, Windows machines should have a path similar to ``C:\\Users\\username\\site\\_posts``, while Unix/Linux systems should have a path similar to ``/Users/username/site/_posts``.


``jekyll_posts_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``_posts`` directory.


``jekyll_drafts_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``_drafts`` directory.


``jekyll_templates_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None (if left blank, ``User/Jekyll Templates`` will be used as a fallback)
    :Description: This should point to your ``_templates`` directory.


``jekyll_auto_find_paths``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If you don't want to hard-code your ``_posts``, ``_drafts``, ``uploads``, or ``_templates`` paths into your settings file, you can optionally have sublime-jekyll look for ``_posts``, ``_drafts``, ``uploads``, and/or ``_templates`` folders open in your sidebar. If you don't name the folders appropriately, or you use a non-standard file structure for your Jekyll project, you have a higher chance of returning path exception errors. This should have a value of ``true`` or ``false``.


``jekyll_uploads_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: None
    :Description: This should point to your ``uploads`` directory.


``jekyll_uploads_baseurl``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``{{site.baseurl}}``
    :Description: This string value should represent the **baseurl** for the uploads directory of your site. For example, if your uploads directory is ``/uploads`` and you have an image called ``image.png``, the output of inserting the image in your post with the ``Insert upload tag`` command would be ``{{ uploads_baseurl }}/uploads/image.png``, with ``{{ uploads_baseurl }}`` replaced by its value.


.. note::

    If you wish to have an absolute link and you have ``url`` defined in your Jekyll ``config.yml`` file, then you can set the value to ``{{site.url}}/{{site.baseurl}}``.


``jekyll_default_markup``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``Markdown``
    :Description: This string value determines the file type for new drafts and posts. It can be set to one of three accepted values: ``Markdown``, ``Textile``, ``HTML``, or ``Plain text``.


``jekyll_markdown_extension``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``markdown``
    :Description: Optionally override the file extension format for Markdown files. Valid options include: ``markdown``, ``mdown``, ``mkdn``, ``mkd``, ``md``. Do not include the dot in your string value.

.. note::

    We use ``.markdown`` as the standard file extension for Markdown files as suggested by John Gruber, developer of Markdown, in his blog post here: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2014/01/08/markdown-extension.


``jekyll_send_to_trash``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: Determines if sublime-jekyll should send deleted drafts, posts and templates to the system trash/recycling bin, or immediately purge them from disk.


``jekyll_date_format``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``%Y-%m-%d``
    :Description: A valid Python strftime string for a date.


``jekyll_datetime_format``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S``
    :Description: A valid Python strftime string for a datetime.


.. note::

    If for some reason you want to change the way either the date or the datetime string is formatted, you can override those formats using valid Python ``datetime.strftime()`` format codes.

    If you need a refresher on these codes, have a look at the Python documentation found here: http://docs.python.org/2/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior.


``jekyll_debug``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If set to ``true``, the application will print Jekyll debug information to the Sublime Text console and can be retrieved by using ``Ctrl + ```.


``jekyll_utility_disable``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    :Default: ``false``
    :Description: If set to ``true``, the application will hide the **Jekyll Utility** commands from the Command Palatte, and disable the commands from the menu.


Project Settings
----------------

For per-project settings, make sure you add your Jekyll settings correctly to your Project settings file. You can typically edit your Project file under *Project > Edit Project*.

.. warning::
    These should be **absolute paths**, not relative paths!

    Also, the paths should follow your system-specific path convention. For example, Windows machines should have a path similar to ``C:\\Users\\username\\site\\_posts``. Unix/Linux systems should have a path similar to ``/Users/username/site/_posts``.


.. code-block:: python

    # some-file.sublime-settings

    {
        "folders":
        [
            {
                "follow_symlinks": true,
                "path": "/Users/username/site/"
            }
        ],

        "settings":
        {
            "Jekyll":
            {
                "jekyll_posts_path": "/Users/username/site/_posts",
                "jekyll_drafts_path": "/Users/username/site/_drafts",
                "jekyll_uploads_path": "/Users/username/site/uploads",
                "jekyll_templates_path": "/Users/username/site/_templates",
            }
        }
    }


.. seealso::
    Read the conversation on `issue #16`_ if you have questions on formatting your Project settings file correctly.


.. _issue #16: https://github.com/23maverick23/sublime-jekyll/issues/16
